When a man hurts a good woman, it's not
because she was not enough. It's not
because she didn't love him enough. It's
not because of her. Hi guys and welcome
back to my channel. My name is Michaela
and today I want to talk about a very
sensitive topic because I have been
cheated on and I just found out last
weekend and I was wondering myself what
did I do wrong? I was asking myself was
it because of me? Because many men, they
try to gaslight. They try to blame it
onto the woman to make it seem like if
she was doing something else, if she was
just a bit sweeter, a bit more feminine,
a bit more open, a bit more present,
then he would not have done that. But
that's not true. A good woman is a woman
who loves a man with all his flaws, with
all the ups and downs they are going
through, with all the parts that he
couldn't even accept within himself. And
I do believe every single woman has once
been a good woman in that sense. But
when this love has been betrayed, even
the strongest heart has a limit. And
when this limit is reached, she moves on
silently, quietly. She is done. And
betrayal is not only cheating. Betrayal
is also when a man is not reciprocating
love. When a man is disrespecting a
woman, not valuing her love. When a man
is abandoning her instead of repairing
something. When a man is choosing his
ego instead of their union, that's
betrayal. Okay? Now, when a woman
decides to leave, when this limit has
reached, it's not because of an
argument. It's not because of five
arguments. It's because of consistent
actions
this man has taken where he chose his
ego over their union. And men who do
that are men who do not love themselves.
They cannot understand how a woman can
love him so much, can accept parts that
he doesn't even accept within himself.
He does not understand how a woman can
love him that he does not treat well. He
does not know how to deal with the love
she gave him because he does not know
this kind of love. So, he pushes it
away. It's unknown for him. But what
happens is that this pain that you feel,
this pain that the woman feels will
always return to him. When a man hurts a
good woman that was there with good
intentions, that tried to repair, that
tried to fix, that tried to stick with
him through the worst moments, that
tried to believe in him so much in the
hope that finally he will believe in
himself too. The pain will always return
to this man. Doesn't matter how
heartbroken you feel. It does not matter
how shattered her heart feels. This pain
will come back to him. And I will
explain you. A man that hurts a good
woman does not believe that she will
ever leave. Okay? He thinks that she
will stay that her love and her softness
is stronger than the pain he creates.
But that's wrong. Once this limit is
reached, she will withdraw. And once she
withdraws, it's not out of anger. It's
not out of revenge. It's not to destroy
him or herself. This withdrawal is
clarity. It's clarity about how often
she stayed silent, to keep the peace
that did not even exist in the first
place. It's clarity about how often she
abandoned herself and ignored red flags.
She will see all the moments that she
had not seen before. And that's the
moment when she will move on. And that's
something he does not think will ever
happen. Now, when this happens, the man
usually still believes that he will get
back to her. He still believes that once
he has his things together, once he has
made up things, he will have access to
her again because he thinks that she
loves him so much that she will always
be there for him. But what these men do
not comprehend is once this limit is
reached, there is no return anymore. And
then when the moment comes that they
realize they have lost this woman, they
have lost a good woman, they will
realize also that they cannot replace it
with anything else. They will try to
replace it with other women, with
experiences, with alcohol, with money.
They will try to replace the feeling of
what this good woman gave him in his
life. the feeling of being seen fully as
the person who he is. And here comes the
thing, a good woman allows a man to be a
version of himself with her that he
cannot be with anyone else. Now, when
this woman is not anymore in his life,
he will realize that this version of him
does not exist without her. This version
of him cannot be replicated with another
woman. and he's going to try to fill
this hole with everything possible and
he is the one that will ultimately
suffer because the pain will always
return to the man who hurt a good woman.
Now the sad part, the really sad part is
that this woman, this good woman learns
through that pain that love is not
always safe. What she does is to create
walls. She gets colder. Not because
she's mean, not because she wants to
hurt someone, no, but because she is
protective. She's protective of her own
peace that she created in the healing
process. She's protective of herself.
And that version of her that believed in
pure and unconditional love will
unfortunately never ever return. Once a
good woman has been so hurt, she will
never be able to return to how she was
before that hurt. And that's what many
men do not understand. Many men think
that creating hurt is a temporary
experience is something that will be
overcome at some point because love is
there. Because when the woman loves the
man so much, he thinks that this somehow
will make it up. That this somehow will
make her forget. But a woman does not
forget. She adapts. She adapts to what
she has learned. Okay. Now when I hear
again someone saying that a woman is a
gold digger, she is mean, she is bad,
she is cold, she is whatever coming from
a man's mouth. All I want to know is how
do you treat this woman? Because barely
any woman on this whole world is just
cold because she's cold. A woman becomes
cold, protective of herself and her
peace when the limit has been reached.
When the limit of how much pain she can
tolerate has been reached. And from that
moment on, there is no return anymore.
When a woman finally understands that
she was never the problem and she was
also not the solution because she cannot
heal no broken man, she cannot convince
any man to love her the right way and
reciprocate her love by loving him more.
That's when something in her completely
shifts. And let's be clear, broken men
cannot be healed. Broken men will always
come into a woman's life to break her
and her life. And whenever
you leave that man, whenever you are
done with that man and you're
considering to give him another chance,
that's when he will ruin you because
he's ego-driven. You will hurt his ego
by leaving him. Now when you're coming
back with such a man, he will want to
hurt your ego. And listen to me
carefully. Men do not hurt a woman's ego
with words. And that's when divorce
versions of these type of men come out.
I want you to get to a place where you
can remove yourself quietly, silently,
detach and try to understand deep down
you were not the problem. And through
that process of understanding, grieving,
that version of a man that never
existed, that illusion of someone that
simply was never real, the woman will
heal. And when she heals, she's not
becoming cruel. She's becoming wiser,
developing better judgment, and she
levels up. And this woman is me, and
this woman can also be you. How many
times have I been hurt with my exartner
and I stayed with him? How many times
did I try to fix, repair, and resolve
when it was not my mistake? When I
didn't do anything wrong. All I did
wrong was giving chances to a man who
did not know how to deal with these
chances. that did not know how to deal
with the parts of me that loved him with
all my heart. And this video is for you
to get some clarity to create closure
and start detach. Start to focus on
yourself. Start to rebuild your
self-worth, your self-love, and pour all
that love that you poured into him into
yourself instead. Thank you so much for
watching. I feel really uncomfortable to
be so vulnerable on the internet. But at
some point, I need to also be honest
with myself and honest with situations
that I am in. And even though I might
receive judgment, I might receive hate,
I might receive whatever comments,
that's fine. And for all the men who are
considering to hurt a good woman, I know
some of you are not even doing that with
intention. But dear men, if you are
emotionally, mentally, and financially
not in a position where you can be the
stable rock for a woman, where you are
being ego-driven and letting temptations
lure you into betraying a good woman, do
not date, okay? Focus on yourself
instead. Because again, this pain that
she is receiving, it will level her up.
It will change her for life and it will
come back to you for life. If you want a
woman, be ready first. Do not give her
wrong expectations. Do not betray her on
no levels. Do not lie to her. Be honest.
Be kind and have pure intentions.
Otherwise, just stay far away from them.
Do not hurt a good woman. Anyways, thank
you so much for watching. I love you so
so much and I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.